Hi welcome to AWOS with Python and both are three developing lambda functions I'm desired on and I'm
an AWOS certified solutions architect.
And in this course our guide you through the process of developing and deploying lambda functions to
AWOS using Python and both three and this course we're going to cover Java no js Python and how these
lambda functions can be developed and deployed and packaged to J-ws so we can apply our code to run
on the server list application framework of a deal with us.
And as you know lambda is the leading So release function framework on the cloud environments.
So to make use of this great framework and this great service from A W-S you need to know how you can
create package and deploy these functions to the cloud.
So in this girls all got you through the whole process from the very beginning to assigning policies
to creating the actual functions.
So by the end of this course you'll learn everything you need to develop and deploy your lambda functions.
Iturbi and Java No just Python and much more so without further ado let's get started.